DECODER WEB — BLOCK 2 STEP 2
27 September 2026

Separate POSIX background execution
The API commits a request to SQLite before returning 202. Run and capture use
one execution worker; cooperative pause uses a separate control worker. The
worker invokes only a freshly resolved native command using argument arrays,
never shell text. The HTTP process never owns the native execution process.

Configuration
Keep worker_state absent/null to leave mutations disabled. For operator staging,
set it to an absolute private directory with mode 0700. Use the same config for
API and both workers, and a local POSIX filesystem supporting flock and fsync.
Use a dedicated web venv with requirements.lock.txt; engine_python must point to
an independently managed CPython 3.12 engine environment matching the pinned
qualification/PROFILE.json. Do not install web dependencies into that environment.

From decoder-web, in separate supervised service processes:
  python -m ig_web.worker --config /absolute/config.json --lane execution
  python -m ig_web.worker --config /absolute/config.json --lane control
The existing API factory uses the configured queue. --once processes at most
one request for operator diagnostics. No service is installed or activated by
this change. Deployment and supervisor shutdown policy are later gates; a
service manager configured to kill an entire cgroup can still stop a child.

Admission and environment
The worker resolves the server catalogue again and compares the complete command
digest. Capture specifications are hash-checked and copied into the private
request directory before invocation. This version supports the exact pinned
engine with no added project source. A different captured source is refused;
there is no fallback to another engine. Job commands execute with cwd and
PYTHONPATH set to the verified captured source. Interpreter distribution versions
are checked against the pinned engine profile. Native run then enforces captured
environment, save, registration, project-binding and execution admission itself.
The worker never edits capture environment requirements or bypasses native gates.
Only PATH, LANG, LC_ALL, TZ, HOME and TMPDIR are inherited. The bearer token,
ambient PYTHONPATH and arbitrary environment variables are not forwarded.

Process lifetime and records
A per-lane flock is inherited by the native child, so a replacement worker cannot
acquire that lane while that child retains the descriptor. Child processes have
a separate session and write stdout/stderr directly to per-request files; there
is no science timeout and no growing in-memory log buffer. PID, Linux boot ID,
process start time, exit code and bounded parsed native JSON are retained.
Both raw streams remain available on disk even when JSON cannot be parsed.
The web state 'finished' means process finished, never scientific PASS.

Safety boundary for the next step
An ambiguous dispatch/running record becomes needs_reconciliation and blocks its
lane. It is never requeued automatically. Successful captures also require
reconciliation before further execution: native output is retained, but automatic
job indexing is intentionally not implemented yet. Do not manually clear rows to
resume work. Block 2 step 3 must implement native-record reconciliation, indexing,
operator recovery, and broader crash/concurrent-process qualification. The web
engine endpoint continues to report execution_ready=false.

Qualification scope
Registered native VALIDATION runs synthetic engineering checks, including real
small subprocesses for transport/output tests. This is not a production science
run, real native pause/resume test, deployment qualification, or crash-window
end-to-end proof. Initial failures and corrected receipt are retained separately. Worker startup
refuses if Linux process identity cannot be read. Identity parsing and missing-file
behavior use synthetic fixtures because the native validation sandbox hides /proc.
See verification/B2S2_STATUS.json for exact identities and results.
