DEV137 PYTHON 3.13 QUALIFICATION CANDIDATE — NOT QUALIFIED

PROFILE.json targets CPython 3.13.5 with a new V4 runtime. V4 does not yet exist.
The profile covers all 165 current test files; newly added functional selectors
remain subject to fixture/execution-class review. Native collection has not run.
Build tools setuptools 84.0.0, wheel 0.48.0 and pip 26.2.1 must be acquired,
hash-bound and checked for compatibility. V3 alone is insufficient.
Historical requirements-linux-py312.txt and uv.lock are not the candidate lock.
Do not install this candidate using those historical locks. A complete new
hash-locked dependency set, including transitive/native requirements, is pending.
No tests or fixtures may be launched based on this file alone. Freeze the new
runtime, source and actual fixture inputs in a saved/read-back preregistration.
Preserve all seven fixture roles; create prerun exports before first execution.
No historical result, runtime qualification or completion qualifies dev137.
A12 temporary-workspace restrictions and A22 dependency limitations still apply.

The original dev136 profile, packaging, contract test, instructions and build
metadata are preserved under qualification/history/dev136/ for provenance.
The following earlier operational rules remain relevant, but their Python 3.12,
wheelhouse and lock references are historical, NOT current installation guidance:

DECODER SOURCE QUALIFICATION PROFILE

This profile is a requirement, not a PASS receipt. Exact current identity is
read from infinity_grid/_version.py. Historical manifests and completion
records retain the original producer version. Qualification results must be
bound externally to the complete captured source and environment.

Supported execution: Linux, Python >=3.11, fork and fcntl locks. This campaign
qualifies CPython 3.12 only. Use a local POSIX filesystem with atomic rename,
hard links and fsync. Network filesystems and other OSes are unqualified.
Unsupported OS execution refuses before importing Linux-only modules.

Core dependencies: cryptography, igraph and SymPy. NetworkX is a verification
extra for installed independent G5 verifiers and historical replay algorithms;
it is not a replacement for the common igraph backend. The qualification extra
adds pytest, build and installation tools. uv.lock includes all declared extras.
The exact Linux/Python 3.12 qualification environment, including transitive
versions and wheel hashes, is requirements-linux-py312.txt. Install from the
saved QUALIFICATION_WHEELS.zip with pip --no-index --find-links WHEEL_DIRECTORY
--require-hashes -r qualification/requirements-linux-py312.txt into a separate
venv. A wheel alone lacks the test and historical-fixture source kit.

Run only native captured jobs. PROFILE.json exhaustively partitions every
active tests/test_*.py file exactly once. Freeze each group as VALIDATION nodes
in a capture specification with the profile environment, source, inputs and
NO_AUTOMATIC_RUNTIME_DEADLINE_V1. Confirm all pending saves using actual raw
Drive downloads before native controller run. Functional first; workspace and
representative next; timing alone, one worker, last. Store actual collected
node inventories and phase outcomes. Skip/error/missing is not PASS.

External fixture roles are enumerated in PROFILE.json. The functional group
requires the private failed_evidence input for the snapshot regression; keep
its original bytes on Drive and bind it in the native capture. The historical Step2
parent must match its original hash. The other fixtures must be generated
by registered native jobs on the exact candidate, saved and exported before
dependent groups. The workspace fixtures exercise 48 values modulo 7, with
one and four workers and a declared-outcome refusal fixture. Representative
fixtures use infinity_grid.representative_qualification:handler with stage_id
ENG:REPRESENTATIVE_QUALIFICATION. Never forge a positive completion or save.

After source changes, recapture and qualify the new identity. Do not transplant
old fixture producer versions, hashes, node totals or PASS records. A read-only
historical completion check does not execute its producer environment; actual
execution still requires the captured interpreter and distribution versions.

Release matrix fields: tested source/package/archive, canonical version,
controller source/version, environment, exact selector and collected-node
sets, per-node outcome, completion and checkpoint, restore evidence,
preservation state, and promotion scope. Historical results are separate rows.
A full current pass and a shared promotion remain separate decisions.

The interruption fixture saved_stage_one_prerun is a native export taken after
capture saves are confirmed and before stage-one execution. It is distinct
from the completed stage-one export. Do not erase completion, prepared state,
terminal proof or project history to manufacture a fresh-run fixture.
